We'll build the relokida primordial landing to the point of being, entirely ready, well thought out, thorough, and then just at the point of selling, we'll channel people to the crowd sourcing endeavour. 
__
So the plan is for the landing is to of course make it more, engaging, and interactable, visually understandable, appealing. I'd like several shots demonstrating how the pieces fit together, from the frames and clips, to the panels and then the whole dome system.

Then of course I was the "main" grabber visual to be a video, that takes a viewer through the whole dome process, starting with a nice beauty shot, and then taking them through the manufacturing process, the assembling, and showing how it can be done by hand, by an individual(s).

Then more beauty shots, environmental models shots, 

Then for the community invite, a shot of a frame composition on a wooden table would look neat.
__
Selo, Omaka, Abba under the Helium Series
__
I'm glad that we're envisioning the primordial landing. We'll continue to consider the service, but so far as the model offerings I feel like we're making serious strides. We still have to consider the interiors and the center utility hub, and wall partitions. 
__
Home
Selo
Omaka
Abba
__
So of course the landing will demonstrate the best features of the dwellings, in a conscise way, repreresnt how the service works and briefly list the "dwelling styles" Selo, Omaka and Abba.

Then a page that describe in more detail the Selo, Omaka and the Abba.

So landing will consist of:

- eye catching visuals
- explanation of how the domes are constructed
__
See dwelling options
__
Main Landing:

So of course the title "Relokida" at the top left.

Then I'd like a video that plays without user intervention that shows all the enticing features and eye catching elements of the domes, how it's constructed, framing, endoskeleton.

Below that, a summation of Relokida, dwelling systems aligned with nature etc.

Below that, maybe another video element demonstrating how it's printed, how the parts fit together. Then another short summation of that process. Designed, printed, assembled.

Then three images "beauty shots" of the domes, in natural environment renders,

Below that a top view and with a sub header, "see our models".

Below that will be a shot of the community of Relokida, and a list of socials to connect, maybe just one main social. And a link to the project location github.

Models List:

So a simple image and sub header listing the Omaka, Selo and Abba.

Another format could be, one where, rather than listing the individual "models", we could have configurations, fitted for dwelling styles, make it that much easier for people to choose the type of offering. Studio, or single family home,

Yeah, so that's a better option, is giving them, type of living styles and then a preassembled dwelling to fit the need rather than being like "here you go" with the parts. The easier we can make it the better.

Model:

An image of the model, followed by sub header description, specifications.

Below that, a 3d render they can move around, look at from all angles.
__
We'll use the farm.bot landing page as our template, to gather ideas on the best present the models, provide interactable examples. We can use this site as a means of then transferring it over to other presentables.
